electron: Various tweaks (#577)
flatpak/flatpak-docs: docs/electron.rst

Launching the app
-----------------

The Electron app is run through a simple shell script that wraps
`zypak <https://github.com/refi64/zypak>`_. This script can be given any name

> but must be specified in the manifest's :ref:`Command` property. See below for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but must be specified in the manifest's ``command`` property. See below for a
```

sample wrapper to launch the app:

.. code-block:: yaml

  - type: script
    dest-filename: run.sh
    commands:
      - zypak-wrapper /app/main/electron-sample-app "$@"

Build commands
--------------

> Last but not least, since the ``simple`` build system is being used, a list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last but not least, since the ``simple`` buildsystem is being used, a list of
```
